Master
Master, your majesty is staying at the Kunning Palace.
What?
Fish caught.
Is Your Majesty coming tonight?
My beautiful harem of three thousand
If you are a person
What system
Your Majesty should come to court early.
Congratulations on your return of grace.
Your Majesty is still angry with me.
But why did you stay at the Wisdom Palace last night?
Master
Dr. Choi to see you.
The doctor last night.
Let him in.
Yes.
The Queen was angry.
I especially came to apologize.
Excuse me.
God.
Yesterday I mistakenly attached Yilan pollen to your skirt.
Ylang incense has an aphrodisiac effect.
I hope you forgive me.
No wonder the emperor stayed at the palace last night.
It turned out to be the effect of Ylang pollen.
Dr. Choi
If I can help my son get pregnant.
I will reward you with ten thousand gold.
Thank you.
Duke Su
The king said when he could see me.
The Queen's Words
The king is dining with his wife.
Miss, please go home.
Go.
For a month, the emperor stayed at night at the nectar.
It seems that this lady is not favored.
Today is grace, tomorrow is disgrace.
It's nothing strange.
Let's go.
What can the owner do now?
If that princess is indeed pregnant with a dragon,
The consequences are unimaginable.
Hey.
Isn't this Jubilee's wife?
I love you.
Lady???
In front of you is the current King.
royal precious fei
I'm pregnant.